# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`autofs`](#autofs): Manage autofs

### Defined types

* [`autofs::map`](#autofsmap): Manage autofs maps

## Classes

### <a name="autofs"></a>`autofs`

Manage autofs

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `autofs` class:

* [`browse_mode`](#browse_mode)
* [`timeout`](#timeout)
* [`negative_timeout`](#negative_timeout)
* [`mount_wait`](#mount_wait)
* [`umount_wait`](#umount_wait)
* [`mount_nfs_default_protocol`](#mount_nfs_default_protocol)
* [`append_options`](#append_options)
* [`logging`](#logging)
* [`maps`](#maps)
* [`autofs_package`](#autofs_package)
* [`autofs_sysconfig`](#autofs_sysconfig)
* [`autofs_service`](#autofs_service)
* [`autofs_auto_master`](#autofs_auto_master)
* [`use_nis_maps`](#use_nis_maps)
* [`use_dash_hosts_for_net`](#use_dash_hosts_for_net)
* [`nis_master_name`](#nis_master_name)
* [`service_ensure`](#service_ensure)
* [`service_enable`](#service_enable)

##### <a name="browse_mode"></a>`browse_mode`

Data type: `Enum['YES', 'NO']`

Set this to `YES` if you want your mounts to be browseable.

Default value: `'NO'`

##### <a name="timeout"></a>`timeout`

Data type: `Integer[0]`

Default mount timeout.

Default value: `600`

##### <a name="negative_timeout"></a>`negative_timeout`

Data type: `Integer[0]`

Default negative timeout for failed mount attempts.

Default value: `60`

##### <a name="mount_wait"></a>`mount_wait`

Data type: `Integer`

Time to wait for a response from mount.

Default value: `-`

##### <a name="umount_wait"></a>`umount_wait`

Data type: `Integer[0]`

Time to wait for a response from umount.

Default value: `12`

##### <a name="mount_nfs_default_protocol"></a>`mount_nfs_default_protocol`

Data type: `Integer[0]`

Default protocol version used by mount.nfs.

Default value: `4`

##### <a name="append_options"></a>`append_options`

Data type: `Enum['yes', 'no']`

Specify whether options should be appended to global options or replacing them.

Default value: `'yes'`

##### <a name="logging"></a>`logging`

Data type: `Enum['none', 'verbose', 'debug']`

Set default log level `none`, `verbose` or `debug`.

Default value: `'none'`

##### <a name="maps"></a>`maps`

Data type: `Hash`

Specify the maps managed. This value is sent to define `autofs::map`.

Default value: `{}`

##### <a name="autofs_package"></a>`autofs_package`

Data type: `String[1]`

Package name for autofs. Unset, this parameter will choose the appropriate default for the system.

Default value: `'autofs'`

##### <a name="autofs_sysconfig"></a>`autofs_sysconfig`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

Absolute path for autofs sysconfig location. Unset, this parameter will choose the appropriate default for the system.

Default value: `'/etc/sysconfig/autofs'`

##### <a name="autofs_service"></a>`autofs_service`

Data type: `String[1]`

Service name for autofs to manage.

Default value: `'autofs'`

##### <a name="autofs_auto_master"></a>`autofs_auto_master`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

Absolute path for autofs.master location. Unset, this parameter will choose the appropriate default for the system.

Default value: `'/etc/auto.master'`

##### <a name="use_nis_maps"></a>`use_nis_maps`

Data type: `Boolean`

If the module should load mount maps from NIS.

Default value: ``true``

##### <a name="use_dash_hosts_for_net"></a>`use_dash_hosts_for_net`

Data type: `Boolean`

Set this to true makes autofs use `-hosts` for the /net mountpoint. Set to false to use `/etc/auto.net`.

Default value: ``true``

##### <a name="nis_master_name"></a>`nis_master_name`

Data type: `String[1]`

The name of the NIS map containing the auto.master data.

Default value: `'auto.master'`

##### <a name="service_ensure"></a>`service_ensure`

Data type: `Stdlib::Ensure::Service`

Value for the service ensure attribute. Valid values are `running` and `stopped`.

Default value: `'running'`

##### <a name="service_enable"></a>`service_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

Value for the service enable attribute.

Default value: ``true``

## Defined types

### <a name="autofsmap"></a>`autofs::map`

Manage autofs maps

#### Examples

##### Examples

```puppet
Manage `/home` with mounts from a file on Puppet fileserver:
autofs::maps:
  home:
    mountpoint: 'home'
    file: 'puppet:///files/autofs/auto.home'

Results in `auto.master` with the following content.
  /home /etc/auto.home

Manage `/home` with mounts defined hiera:
  autofs::maps:
    home:
      mountpoint: 'home'
      mounts:
        - 'user1      nfsserver:/path/to/home/user1'
        - 'user2      nfsserver:/path/to/home/user2'

Results in `auto.home` with the following content and `auto.master` remaining as above.
  user1      nfsserver:/path/to/home/user1
  user2      nfsserver:/path/to/home/user2

Prevent `/home` from being managed by autofs (NIS included):
  autofs::maps:
    home:
      mountpoint: 'home'
      manage: false

Result in auto.master:
  /home -null
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `autofs::map` defined type:

* [`mountpoint`](#mountpoint)
* [`maptype`](#maptype)
* [`mapname`](#mapname)
* [`mappath`](#mappath)
* [`mounts`](#mounts)
* [`manage`](#manage)
* [`manage_content`](#manage_content)
* [`file`](#file)
* [`options`](#options)

##### <a name="mountpoint"></a>`mountpoint`

Data type: `Optional[String[1]]`

Specify the mountpoint in `auto.master`.

Default value: ``undef``

##### <a name="maptype"></a>`maptype`

Data type: `Optional[String[1]]`

Specify maptype for mountpoint in `auto.master`

Default value: ``undef``

##### <a name="mapname"></a>`mapname`

Data type: `Optional[String[1]]`

The name for the map in `auto.master`. The default of `undef` will use the name of the key used to specify the mount.

Default value: ``undef``

##### <a name="mappath"></a>`mappath`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

Absolute path of the map file to be created and used in `auto.master`. The default of `undef` will use the name of the
key used to specify the mount with `/etc/auto.` as prefix.

Default value: ``undef``

##### <a name="mounts"></a>`mounts`

Data type: `Array`

Specify the mounts to be mounted at mountpoint as an array.

Default value: `[]`

##### <a name="manage"></a>`manage`

Data type: `Variant[String[1], Boolean]`

Boolean to manage mounts in `auto.master`. Setting it to false will result in `-null` in `auto.master`.

Default value: ``true``

##### <a name="manage_content"></a>`manage_content`

Data type: `Boolean`

Boolean to manage contents of map.

Default value: ``true``

##### <a name="file"></a>`file`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Filesource]`

Specify the mounts to be mounted at mountpoint from a file.

Default value: ``undef``

##### <a name="options"></a>`options`

Data type: `Optional[String[1]]`

Specify extra mount points for this mountpoint in `auto.master`.

Default value: ``undef``

